go to sleep on that Mubarak Mike
Oliver's record set 30 years ago
just part of it I mean we've got a great
facility in the curves ores of water and
it's just like it never rained right now
anything's a little cooler so this part
of it you've been happy so far and it
really just drills right now but happy
with the progress you've made right now
yeah we're just getting started but I
like forward I like where we're headed
you know we're off to a good start
a lot of new faces to work in with
coaches and players but something you
should be excited about I think we got a
lot of returning players we've got some
good young players in here to push them
and I think it's it's going to be really
good for us that when able to have
competition at all positions and I think
all the guys that would be ready or
they're going to sit in watching these
young guys plow and then we talked about
earlier but first few days just in
shorts and helmets yeah I never like
this as a player you got it together the
first three days are difficult to hold
your attention the entire practice
especially in your alignment but it's
very important to the time they need to
get the footwork down their assignments
down really know what you're doing and
get on the same page but you almost have
to start over when you put the pads on
so these are the aids for assignments
the techniques very cool
obviously it really is and then I I
evaluate a little bit every day but I
never make my mind up to prepare
you